update rbac to support secret backend multiple providers script (#459)
DataDog/datadog-operator: docs/secret_management.md

          mountPath: /etc/secret-volume
```

> The Datadog Agent also includes a script that can be used to read secrets from files mounted from Kubernetes secrets, or directly from Kubernetes secrets. This script can be used by setting `DD_SECRET_BACKEND_COMMAND` to `/readsecret_multiple_providers.sh`. A simple example of how to configure the DatadogAgent spec is provided below. For more details, see the [documentation][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Agent also includes a script that can be used to read secrets from files mounted from Kubernetes secrets, or directly from Kubernetes secrets. This script can be used by setting `DD_SECRET_BACKEND_COMMAND` to `/readsecret_multiple_providers.sh`. An example of how to configure the DatadogAgent spec is provided below. For more details, see [Secrets Management][2].
```

```yaml
apiVersion: datadoghq.com/v1alpha1
kind: DatadogAgent
metadata:
  name: datadog
spec:
  credentials:
    apiKey: ENC[k8s_secret@default/test-secret/api_key]
    appKey: ENC[k8s_secret@default/test-secret/app_key]

>     useSecretBackend: true

Reviewer 2: instead of documenting how to add an envvar.
should we add an option in the `credentials` section to select which secret backend script they want to use?

Author: I was thinking of saving this for v2, i.e. creating a SecretBackend section (and removing `credentials.useSecretBackend`). I could add on to the existing `credentials` section for now if you think it's worth doing?
